--- PAGE 1 ---
SOBHA INDRAPRASTHA APARTMENT OWNERS ASSOCIATION (Regd.)
19/2, Minerva Mills Compound, opposite Sujatha Theatre, Gopalapura, Bangalore 560023.
Email: bom@siaoa.co.in, admin@siaoa.co.in, accounts@siaoa.co.in Ph. No: +91-77957 00320

GSTIN - 29ABNAS7674R2ZZ

Date: 23-07-2025

MINUTES OF THE MEETING OF THE BOARD OF MANAGERS HELD ON 22 JULY 2025

No. AGENDA ITEM DECISION/DISCUSSION
1. | QLFY2025-26 Financials | ೧% FY2025-26 quarterly financial statement to be published.
2. | Training and Coaching at | A. MOU/Declaration to be signed between SIAOA and 510 trainers
SIP and Amenity Use detailing identity, timings, training days, number of registered
trainees, fees, rules and guidelines for providing coaching, etc.
B. The Estate Manager is the Point of Contact for all trainers, tutors,
service providers in SIP.
C. Opinion poll to be conducted on usage of Clubhouse amenities
D. MyGate slot booking option to be opened for Clubhouse
amenities:
- Badminton
- Billiards (already open)
- Squash
- Table tennis
3. STP/WTP motors Approved 30HP STP motor lifting and service.
4. Independence Day 2025 ae
celebrations Planning in progress
5. Emergency/Other with the Chair’s Consent:

A. Basement usage

SIP Basement parking is for the exclusive use of residents’ parking.
Basement parking slots are to be utilized only for the purpose of
parking vehicles and no other purpose.

B. Net for ground

Consider long-term permanent mesh installation instead of nets.

C. Heated Swimming
Pool

Explore heating for the Clubhouse swimming pool to enable
year-round usage by all residents.

D. Water Testing

Conduct independent testing of treated water samples every quarter.

Signed by BOM members in attendance on 22-07-2025

1.

MR Sundar

MA Saleem

K Marimuthu

Malavika Belavangala

M Jagannath Alva

Nagesh Rajanna

Vimal Kumar

PIN ID) al |

6 K Vasanthakumar