--- PAGE 1 ---
SOBHA INDRAPRASTHA APARTMENT OWNERS ASSOCIATION (Regd.)
19/2, Minerva Mills Compound, opposite Sujatha Theatre, Gopalapura, Bangalore 560023.

Email: bom@siaoa.co.in, admi

17 @siaoa.co.in, accounts@siaoa.co.in Ph. No: +91-77957 00320
GSTIN - 29ABNAS7674R2ZZ

INTERNAL MINUTES OF THE

Date: 10-01-2026

MEETING OF THE BOARD OF MANAGERS DATED 08-01-2026

No. AGENDA ITEM APPROVAL/DECISION/DISCUSSION

1. BESCOM Inspectorate Notice to be answered. Compliance matters to be addressed.

ತ್ಮ 37" Floor tiling Approved. Along with tile repairs of all Clubhouse doorways.

3. Lobby canopy G Floor Approved. Saint Gobain 12 mm toughened and laminated glass

with MS frame.

4. Garbage collection Approved BBMP authorised vendor to continue.

5. Cycle parking - 4W EV Approved. Notice for removal of unused cycles. Informed and paid
charging stations cycles to be moved to identified locations in B2.

6. Emergency/Other with the Chair’s Consent:

A. Awning at Wing 2 exit

Approved. Get 3 quotations.

B. STP filter media service

Approved to SDM HydroTech at Rs.1,73,000/-
Servicing not done from the time of Sobha handover.
Recommended servicing frequency is every 2-3 years.

C. B1 lift exits

Approved aluminium partitions for storage.

D. Pest control agency

Approved PestoTouch for internal and peripheral pest control
covering rodents, snakes, mosquito, flies, ants and any other.

E. Finance quarterly report
publication

Quarterly report to be published to member-shareholders.
Tax planning meeting to be held.

F. Snake control

- Approved installation of mesh along DG and transformer units
- Approved snake replant treatment in gardens and basements
- Approved trimming and clearing of garden foliage as required

Signed by BOM members in attendance on 08-01-2026

1

MR Sundar

MA Saleem

K Marimuthu

Malavika Belavangala

Nagesh Rajanna

4 (2.

Jagannath Alva