--- PAGE 1 ---
SOBHA INDRAPRASTHA APARTMENT OWNERS ASSOCIATION (Regd.)
19/2, Minerva Mills Compound, opposite Sujatha Theatre, Gopalapura, Bangalore 560023.
Email: bom@siaoa.co.in, admin@siaoa.co.in, accounts@siaoa.co.in Ph. No: +91-77957 00320
GSTIN - 29ABNAS7674R22ZZ

Date: 27-08-2025

MINUTES OF THE MEETING OF THE BOARD OF MANAGERS HELD ON 25 August 2025

No. AGENDA ITEM DECISION/DISCUSSION
1. Security Agency TBD at the next meeting with Treasurer Sir present
2 Basement deep cleaning Seeking quotations
3: Second floor scrubbing machine | TBD until decision on Integrated Facility Management is made
4. Lift lobbies upgrade Approved
Zz Tiling - amphitheatre and lobby | AGM decision
8. Civil work - lobby Approved
oF Painting — Badminton court Approved. Asian Paints.
10. Painting — boundary wall TBD
41. CCTV upgrades Approved upgrade of key locations to hi-resolution cameras
- Lobby
- Security cabin
- Driveway (entire)
Approved lobby wireless dual camera model
12: Ganesha Preparations Celebrations on 29, 30 and 31 August at the open air ground.
2024 funds collected to be given to the organizing group.
13: Emergency/Other items with the consent of the Chair
A. Gym Instructor Approved interviewed gym instructor. Certification to be submitted.
B. Area opposite Library Tiling of garden portions.
C. Massage Centre/Spa BOM to meet potential vendors who have expressed interest
D. Pet violations Send warning and impose appropriate fine
E, Panchakarma ayurveda | 5 .vment for stall/WhatsApp should be made
enquiry
F. Pool netting Approved proposed design and cost NM Enterprises
Signed by BOM members in attendance on 25-08-2025
els MR Sundar
2. MA Saleem
ತ್ರ Malavika Belavangala
4. G K Vasanthakumar
5. Srinath Hariharan Srinivasan
6. Vimal Kumar